>>Very brief excerpt
from the report
of the Air Force's scientific
advisory board, which
they made recently upon
completing a detailed review
of the subject of UFO.
This is the statement.
"The committee
concluded that in the 19
years since the first
UFO was sighted,
there has been no evidence that
unidentified flying objects are
a threat to our
national security."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>And I took a camera
that was set up
with an 18A ultraviolet filter
on a Super 8 millimeter color
camera.
And I set the camera to
expose at two frames a second,
so that I'd get some endurance
out of the small roll of Super
8 film.
I took it up in an airliner
between Long Beach and San
Jose.
And I fired it out through
the airliner window
with the 18A filter
over the camera.
And there were UFOs
coming and going
to the side of the
airliner during the flight.
And on takeoff from
San Jose, one of them
warped around the
wing of the aircraft
and is seen at two frames
a second on this film.
I always hoped that
people would take this up,
because I did publish it.
But there just
wasn't any ambition
to penetrate into the invisible.
Everybody wanted ships from
other planets with men in them.
So that's where it's
laid until this day.
>>There are three
events in UFO history
that have made this
motion picture possible.
In the 1950s, Trevor
James Constable
unlocks one of the
mysteries of UFOs.
With the aid of
infrared photography,
he discovers the fact that
some UFOs are invisible.
By using infrared
film in his cameras,
he discovered UFOs that exist in
a light spectrum that cannot be
seen with the naked eye or
photographed with conventional
cameras.
This opens a whole new aspect
in the documenting of UFOs.
And his discovery reveals some
UFOs may be living creatures.
He calls them critters.
In 1994, Jose
Escamilla discovers
a phenomenon called rods, a life
form invisible to the naked eye
that we had never seen before.
He also develops a
technique for filming
these life forms that exist
in the realm of the very fast.
He calls it sky fishing, using
high speed shutter settings
on camcorders.
In 1995, NASA stops
airing live broadcasts
from shuttle missions
after UFO footage has
been made public, creating a
controversy about how much NASA
really knows about
their existence.
>>Looks like you've got
an object right in front
of you, Mark.
You looking out there?
>>Not sure what
you're talking about.
>>Never mind.
>>That same year,
Martin Stubbs begins
recording what
will be five years
and over 2,500 hours
of uninterrupted
live broadcasts from
NASA's own downlink.
Today, we have digital
camcorder technology
that enables us to capture UFOs
in full color, high resolution
video.
Invisible UFOs can now be
captured in broad daylight
by anyone.
Two camcorders of the
same make and model
are set up side by side.
What has never been
seen that exists
in the invisible
realm of the infrared
can now be seen using
current camcorder technology.
>>Within 15 minutes total that
we saw the first group go by.
>>It makes it all
worthwhile when
you're out there getting
cold and a sore neck,
looking up and just thinking
that more people could do this.
>>Using this new
technology for filming
UFOs invisible to the naked
eye, someone out there
will eventually capture the
best UFO or rod footage ever.
UFO research, however, is
only a part of the story.
>>I think it's long past time
to open this up to the public.
>>Give us information
to the young people
of the world in this country.
They want to hear it.
They want it.
Give it to them.
Don't hide it and tell
lies or make stories.
They're not stupid.
>>Eventually, there's going
to be something happen that
will make all of them have
egg all over their face.
And they're going to
have to admit that they
haven't been truthful at all.
>>The nations of the
world will have to unite,
for the next war will be
an interplanetary war.
The nations of the
earth must someday
make a common front
against attack
by people from other planets.
>>Anti-aircraft guns
went into action
against unidentified
aircraft in the Los Angeles
area ordered by the
>>An command at 2:25 AM.
The unidentified object moved
slowly down the Pacific coast
from Santa Monica
and disappeared
south of Long Beach.
Searchlights closely followed
the object down the coast
and kept it centered
in their glare.
Shells frequently can be
seen bursting near the object
but none appears to hit it.
The shooting stopped
at about 3:30 AM.
Approximately 20 minutes
after the firing died down,
the ship returned
and headed westward
from Long Beach
towards Santa Monica.
The guns ran into action
again, hurling round
after round of
shells at the object.
The second barrage appeared
to be closer to downtown Los
Angeles, since watchers could
hear the concussion of the guns
more clearly, and the flash of
bursting shells was brighter.
Then the ship disappeared for
the second time over the ocean.
We return you now
to CBS in New York.
And that was Byron
Palmer on the West Coast.
>>The battle of LA was the first
time that our military actually
fired upon a UFO.
The next day, the
military told the press
it was nothing but
a weather balloon.
Another report was that
they fired at nothing,
due to war nerves.
The Army was not too
pleased with these reports.
If they could not bring
down a weather balloon
with almost 1500 rounds
fired and direct hits, then
what would they be able to do
firing at real enemy targets?
This was the first
time official denial
was put into motion
regarding UFOs.
This was 1942, only a few
months after Pearl Harbor.
>>Our distinguished guest for
this evening is Dr. Willie Ley.
>>Well, now, is our own
government, our own defense
department taking the flying
saucer report seriously?
>>They have to.
After all, the Air
Force, which is
the one which is
investigating, is charged
with the defense of our skies.
So if there is anything in the
skies which they don't know
and cannot account for, it
makes them understandably.
Uneasy.
>>Major Donald E. Keyhoe, a
retired Marine Corps officer,
insisted that the Air Force
knew more than it was telling.
>>Being observed by some type
of device which is ahead of us,
far ahead of us, and
is probably controlled
by a highly advanced,
superior civilization.
It has reached the point where
many people in the Air Force
have the same conclusion.
In fact, the Air
Force at one time
had a top secret estimate
that these planes
were interplanetary spaceships.
>>Right now if you report
having seen a flying saucer,
you open yourself up to ridicule
too, which is something which
is deplored by the Air Force.
>>In other words,
members of our audience
who might, for one reason or
another, see a flying saucer,
can make the reports
to the Air Force
and be rendering a service
and not invite ridicule.
>>Instead of being a subject
for ridicule and a big joke,
actually is a serious
matter which could
affect the lives of all of us.
>>Actually, most people
who report a UFO sighting
are patriotic citizens
who have been mystified
by something that they've seen.
And through a patriotic
sense, report it
to the local law
enforcement officials
or to the United States
Air Force Base near them.
>>The first reports were brought
in by quiet and sober citizens,
like Frank Mannor.
>>I looked to the north of me,
and looked like a fallen star.
You know, it was red and
coming down at about a 45.
And so then I watched it and
was going to see if it landed
and maybe go down
and see what it was.
And when it got to the top
of the trees, it stopped.
And a blue and a
white light come on.
And I looked at it and I
thought I was seeing things.
>>Frank Mannor's UFO
remained over his swamp
for more than four hours.
His children saw it.
His in-laws saw it.
Residents of the area saw it.
>>And I saw it looked
to be shaped like a pie.
I could see the front of it.
I just saw the round front
and I could see the lights
on either side.
>>I just wanted to stay there
and keep my eyes glued to it.
I couldn't leave.
>>But I can't fathom it,
because it seems so unreal.
>>William Van Horn, Hillsdale's
undertaker and civil defense
director, also spotted the UFO
and was with his Geiger counter
the next day, checking a
mysterious perfect circle
where the UFO had been seen.
No one photographed it.
But Sergeant Newell Schneider
of the sheriff's office
remembered it well
enough to draw it.
>>It moved very rapidly at any
speed or rather any direction
it wanted to go.
Why, it could change and
go to the right or the left
or go across ways
without hesitating a bit.
>>What do you think it was?
>>Well, if they call it a flying
saucer, that's what it is.
>>The Air Force sent its
chief scientific consultant
on UFOs, Professor
Jay Allen Hyneck,
to check the Michigan sightings.
Dr. Hyneck agreed that the
good citizens of Michigan
had seen something
in the marshlands.
He thought they
had seen marsh gas.
>>They as children on the
farm had many experiences
with swamp rights, and this
was obviously the thing
that it was and they
couldn't understand
why the people in Michigan got
so excited over swamp lights.
>>Dr. Hynek's belief
in marsh gases
was not exactly welcomed by
Ann Arbor sheriff Douglas
Harvey, who had some
interesting things to tell me.
>>Because if he's going
to say it's marsh gases,
I'll tell you now, in all due
respect to Professor Hyneck,
he's all wet.
I think this is a flowered up
deal, because last night he
was in my office.
And this is what my
statement will contain.
And at 11:00, he had no
statement whatsoever to make.
He told me he had
no idea what it was,
but he said the Pentagon
said that he had
to make a statement tomorrow.
He said, I don't know
what I'm going to say.
So overnight he comes
up with this theory.
>>Right now, if you report
having seen a flying saucer,
you open yourself
up to ridicule.
>>Well, you can look at here,
with beer bottles thrown.
Look at my windshield.
What would you think if somebody
was throwing beer bottles
at your house, standing
out in the middle
of the road screaming, you
nut, you fanatic, all that.
What would you think?
>>You open yourself
up to ridicule.
>>Are you sorry now that you
did tell people what you saw?
>>Yes, I am.
I am sorry.
Not that it's not the
truth, but it's the idea
the reaction of the people.
They think you're a
nut, tell you the truth.
That's just what
they figure you are.
And I'm not going
to take it no more.
I don't want nobody
down in here.
I just-- leave me alone.
>>You open yourself up
to ridicule too, which
is something which is deplored
by the Air Force, deplored
by the Air Force,
deplored by the Air Force.
>>And if the thing lands
right there by that pump,
I'd never say a word.
And he got out and talked to
me, I wouldn't tell nobody.
That's just the way I feel.
I'm bitter and disgusted
in the whole matter.
>>According to the
United States Air Force,
in following a policy
which is set fairly
high in the Pentagon,
there are about 250 or 300
extremely incompetent
airline and military pilots
in this country.
Airlines let them
continue to fly,
even though they
have reported UFOs.
>>The Air Force has
been accused from time
to time of hiding
information about UFO.
What do you have to say
to that [INAUDIBLE]?
>>These charges are
absolutely untrue.
>>We have not been
hiding anything.
>>This is not an attack
on the Air Force spokesman
or the project spokesman.
They are simply following
orders to explain away all UFO
sightings as quickly as
possible when they become public
and deny that UFOs really exist.
>>UFOs were fairly new.
And even though there
had been sporadic reports
throughout the late
1800s and early 1900s,
they were simply
nothing to worry about.
Flying saucers had been reported
and photographed worldwide.
They were not an issue
because the sightings,
although seen by pilots
and close to Army bases,
did not seem to pose
any kind of threat.
They were simply passed off
as strange lights or sightings
of atmospheric and
weather anomalies
by untrained civilians
who were seeing things
that were easy to explain.
After the attack
on Pearl Harbor,
it became apparent that our
military needed to control who
or what flew into our airspace.
Radar was the newest
technology for detecting
anything in our skies
that was not acknowledged
to be our aircraft.
The battle of LA was an
example of an unknown aircraft
that was immune to all that
our anti-aircraft guns could
deliver.
Nothing could bring
this one object down.
What was our
military going to do
to control this unknown threat?
What would happen if
the public found out
these things were real,
and there was nothing
we could do to stop them?
The only solution was
to deny that there
was any kind of
threat from something
we had no control over,
something we could not stop.
The solution included
an official denial
that would last over 60 years.
The Air Force and the CIA
hired and commissioned
the top astronomers, scientists,
and experts of those times
to become the authorities
on the subject of UFOs.
These experts appeared on
national radio and television
and gave the naive, gullible,
and patriotic public
the myth about UFOs.
Astronomer Thornton Page
was on a CIA committee
that investigated
UFO reports in 1952.
Its conclusion?
No evidence of UFOs.
Even highly regarded
astronomer Carl Sagan
was placed by the Air
Force as a consultant
on a scientific panel to
deny the existence of UFOs.
The official Air Force reply
was that there was no cover up,
and there were no flying
saucers from outer space.
>>I would like to close by
reading a very brief excerpt
from the report
of the Air Force's
scientific advisory board,
which they made recently
upon completing a detailed
review of the subject of UFO.
This is the statement.
"The committee
concluded that in the 19
years since the first
UFO was sighted,
there has been no evidence that
unidentified flying objects are
a threat to our
national security."
>>This was to become the
greatest story ever denied.
[RUMBLING]
>>Like any other people
in the Los Angeles area,
my brother and I were devastated
by the Northridge earthquake.
I was awake that morning making
final edit decisions on a film
that we had been working
on for the past year.
Our film and video editing
studio was destroyed.
So we had to finish
cutting the film
at one of the labs in Burbank.
We didn't realize that
the earthquake was only
the beginning of
what would become
one of the many
life-changing events
that were about to unfold.
We decided to go home and
visit our family for a while
before coming back and
starting all over again.
We went back to Roswell, New
Mexico, which is our hometown.
And a couple of months later, we
filmed the first broad daylight
footage ever taken of UFOs
over the Roswell area.
We compiled an enormous archive
of broad daylight UFO activity
at Midway, which is
where we all grew up,
and which is located just
nine miles south of Roswell.
Midway is also the place
where the rods phenomenon
was discovered.
And you can see a rod
coming in, and it's coming
like this outside of the water.
And you see it hit the water.
It leaves a vapor
trail and enters.
And there's about three or
four of them that just zip by.
And they're going just as
fast as rods do in the sky.
>>The rods are just one part
of an enormous panorama of life
that is veiled from
normal human sight.
In the case of the
rods, you found
that by using an
extremely fast shutter,
you could slow
down and objectify
something that would otherwise
elude the photographic process.
They would be gone before
they could be put on a frame.
But that doesn't mean
that they're not there.
It just means that you need
a device, an apparatus that
will remove an optical
limitation that you have.
We don't reject the microscope,
because the microscope
intensifies the
power of human sight.
Without it, the world of
the microbe would not exist.
But that wouldn't alter the fact
that our entire environment,
our entire living scenario, is
really conditioned upon what
happens in a domain that
we cannot see directly.
In my opinion, the
same thing applies--
and this will be verified
in years to come--
at the upper border of nature.
>>But I realized at
this point that it's
very secret, that it was kept
secret because I asked him,
what are you going to do with
this piece of information?
And he said, we always
airbrush these out
before we sell
them to the public.
So there were pesky
little creatures
appearing on this photograph
they wanted to get rid of.
>>This is a fact of the
matter, we were really not sure
after John flew whether or not
there were critters, living
critters out there somewhere.
>>Critters that were
captured by NASA
on that mission STS-75 in 1996.
In all my considerable
experience of the entire UFO
scenario, I have never
seen and never expect
to see footage like that.
And least of all did
I expect to see it
on film or tape that
had been exposed
by the government
in a NASA mission.
The shuttle Columbia
in this mission
was equipped with a very
sophisticated and expensive
ultraviolet camera.
It was sensitive to
the near ultraviolet.
And when they were up at 300
miles above the atmosphere,
they launched from the
Columbia a small satellite
with a tether.
Not long after it was
launched, the tether broke.
>>We record steadily
the whole break
and call back of the tether.
>>Copy, Claude.
>>Again, this is a
view of the satellite.
>>Well, if it had to break,
it did it in the right place.
>>And you see on this
astonishing film,
you see the satellite
go drifting far astern
of this orbiting Columbia.
The tether, which
is 12 miles long,
straightens out into a
long, white line which you
can see as plainly as could be.
>>Columbia and the satellite
now 77 nautical miles apart.
>>Now, while this is all going
on, a whole covey of UFOs,
perhaps three dozen
of them, manifest
to this ultraviolet
camera and they
begin moving
around, circulating,
looking for all the world like
something in an aquarium tank.
>>The satellite again,
just moving into sunrise.
>>Now Houston, of course,
down on the ground,
is getting this feed
from the Columbia.
And they ask the astronauts in
the shuttle, what can they see?
What is that they can see?
>>Just getting the image.
>>Franklin, we see a long line,
a couple of star like things
and a lot of things
swimming in the foreground.
Can you describe
what you're seeing?
>>Well, the long
line is a tether,
and there's a little bit of
debris the flies with us.
>>It is like a
brilliant white bar.
It looks like a neon sign,
and it's 12 miles long.
Now, what this does is give
you a sort of cosmic ruler
by which you can get
an idea and an estimate
of the diameter of the UFOs that
are flitting around down there.
Now, when you see them
go behind the tether,
that means that you can use
that tether like a ruler
to measure the diameter.
And those things that are down
there going behind the tether
are between two and three
nautical miles in diameter.
>>One of the things you
see over and over again
is you see UFOS materialize
into the ultraviolet
while you watch.
You see them come
from out of nowhere
to the point where
they are returning
a response to the camera.
You also see them dematerialize
while you have them
under observation.
There is two of the
central things that
have gone on with UFOs since
day one-- materialization
and dematerialization.
It's going on in
this film 300 miles
above the earth photographed
by your government,
with your astronauts
superintending the whole thing.
>>We are completely
un-zoomed, and you see
the full extent of the tether.
>>Columbia to Houston,
that's a much better view,
a lot more contrast.
>>It's not an infrequent
occurrence out there.
They have them quite often.
>>There were probably 1500
reported cases at that time.
>>I have over 3,000 cases now.
>>They estimated 100
yards from the left wing
was this 100 foot disk.
>>And the strength
of the signal was
as strong as a surface
contact on the water
of an aircraft carrier.
This contact was huge.
>>We were flying
tankers over England.
And London control asked
us to intercept a UFO.
>>So it would go from one
o'clock, seven or eight miles,
to six, seven o'clock,
seven or eight miles inside
of four or five seconds.
You have to be moving
pretty quickly.
>>They could rise,
just go straight up.
They could do that, just
seemed like instantaneous.
>>Once they started moving, they
went straight up for a while.
And then they went zep.
>>And left the
atmosphere, just was gone.
They just took off into space.
>>It just-- left at high speed.
>>Yes, there have
been ET visitation.
There have been crashed craft.
There have been material
and bodies recovered.
>>I didn't want to look at it
any longer than that because I
felt that my life
was in jeopardy.
>>So I was beaten, literally
hit in the ribs and pushed.
And I was resisting.
And I know Sergeant Bastinza
was doing the same thing.
>>He said, you are never
to speak of this again.
As far as you're concerned,
this never happened.
>>And you never saw this.
I don't exist, and the
situation never happened.
>>We are here today to disclose
the truth about a subject that
has been ridiculed
and questioned,
denied for at least 50 years.
The reason we are
coming forward now
is that we are asking for the US
Congress and for President Bush
to move towards an
official inquiry
and disclosure on this subject.
>>Morning, ladies and gentlemen.
My name's Clifford Stone I was
a Sergeant First Class United
States Army.
>>My name is Dwynne Arnesson.
I served 26 years as a
communication electronics
officer in the US Air Force.
>>My name is John Callahan.
I'm a retired FAA employee.
I was the division manager
for the accidents, evaluation,
and Investigation division.
>>My name is Don Phillips.
I was in the United
States Air Force
and had worked with
certain intelligence
agencies of the United
States government.
>>These are people who have
been inside the CIA, NSA, NRO,
Air Force, Navy, Marines,
Army, all divisions
of the intelligence
and military community,
as well as corporate witnesses,
contractors to the government.
>>My name is Dan Willis.
>>My name is George Filer III.
>>My name is John Maynard.
>>My name is Donna Hare.
>>My name is Karl Wolf.
>>My name is Harland Bentley.
>>My name is Mark McCandlish.
>>And these are
folks who have been
involved in so-called
black budget
or covert
unacknowledged projects.
These unacknowledged
special access projects
are taking in at least $40
to $80 billion per year.
And they are sitting
on technologies that
can change the world forever.
>>My name is Charles L. Brown.
>>My name is Michael Smith.
>>My name is Robert Salas.
>>My name is Carol Rosin.
>>I have had grown men weep
who are in the Pentagon,
who are members of Congress,
and who have said to me,
what are we going to do?
>>And I'm prepared to tell the
story in front of Congress.
And it is the truth.
>>And I will testify
under oath before Congress
that what I'm
saying is the truth.
>>I'm prepared to go to Congress
to swear before Congress
that everything I've told
you people and everything
that is here is the truth.
>>These men and women
have come forward
and they have their credentials.
They can establish who they are.
And they have been
firsthand witnesses
to some of the most
important events
in the history of
the human race.
>>I'm willing to testify to
the truth of all these matters
that I've spoken about in
front of Congress under oath.
>>I'm willing to testify before
Congress that what I'm saying
is true.
>>And I am prepared
to testify in detail
concerning these events
and their truthfulness
before Congress.
>>These statements are true.
I'm willing to testify
under oath before Congress.
>>That I will testify under
oath as to what I say is true.
And I will do so
before Congress.
>>I will testify before
Congress if necessary
and explain exactly
what happened.
>>And I will testify
before the Congress
under oath about everything
I have said and more.
>>I have personally
briefed a sitting director
of Central Intelligence, James
Woolsey, President Clinton's
first CIA director.
I have personally briefed
the head of the Defense
Intelligence Agency, the head
of intelligence joint staff,
members of the Senate
Intelligence Committee,
many members of
Congress, members
of the European leadership, the
Japanese cabinet, and others.
And what I have found
is that none of them
are surprised that this is true.
But they are uniformly
horrified that they have not
had access to these projects.
>>A lot of people talk
about conspiracies
over a shadow government.
I'm willing to testify
before Congress
that these black
operations do exist.
I nearly became part of it.
But I saw the light,
I think, or was it?
And I got out.
And that's it.
We have to disclose
what we know.
And I am willing to
testify before Congress
under oath or before
any other organization
that what I witnessed was true.
>>This whole project,
bringing this out in the open
will probably take
other people too.
But myself, I'm 73 years old.
And I've had a good
life and no regrets.
I've loved this country.
And I've been a
Christian all my life
since I was about 11 years old.
And so I believe God
wants this known.
I believe the cosmos
>>I know we're not
alone in the universe.
I know that the
absence of evidence
is not evidence of absence.
It's evidence that it's been
denied to the American people.
[APPLAUSE]
I stand before you today
and my Almighty God,
and I tell you this.
If Congress calls
me in and says,
will you testify in
detail what you know,
I stand here today prepared
and ready to do just that.
Governments must never
lie to the people.
>>Headline edition,
July 8, 1947.
The Army Air Forces
has announced
that a flying disk
has been found
and is now in the
possession of the Army.
Army officers say the missile,
found sometime last week,
has been inspected at
Roswell, New Mexico,
and sent to Wright Field,
Ohio, for further inspection.
>>The whole project was, get as
much information and technology
out of these crafts
as fast as they could
and to steer the news media
off on some crazy idea
that these sightings
were created
by college pranks and balloons
and meteorological problems.
And a lot of the
information was siphoned off
by the CIA and the
National Security Agency
and people at ONI, Office
of Naval Intelligence.
>>It was the first time I'd ever
seen anything like this before,
and all eyes were just peeled
on that particular thing.
And when he told us what
it was, it was frightening.
It was eerie.
You could have heard a
pin drop in the room when
it was first mentioned.
He said it had been taken
from one of the craft
that had crashed in
New Mexico and that it
had been taken from
a box of materials
that the military
was working on.
They didn't use the word
"reverse engineering"
at that time, but
it was something
similar to reverse
engineering they
felt like they
needed to work on,
and it was going to
take years to do this.
>>I was a duty
officer that night.
And I went to the
veterinarian section,
and the one sergeant
I knew very well
was sergeant of the
guard that night.
I told him, Sarge, how is
everything around here?
And he said, fine, sir.
I told him, you
know, they told me
to be careful to watch
this area because you
have a sense of
something sensitive here.
He said, you want
to see it, sir?
Told him yeah, let's go look.
And I knew the
sergeant very well.
He was a master sergeant.
I went back, and there was five
crates there, like five or six.
I think it was five.
I lifted one up and here's this
body there, floating in fluid.
First I thought it was a
child because it was small.
Then I looked at
this head and all.
This only happened in
a matter of seconds.
Then I put the end back down.
And the head was different.
The arms are spindly.
The body, it was gray.
So right at that
moment, I figured,
I don't know what this thing is.
So like in the
intelligence business,
I just better put it in the
back my head here and wait.
Maybe in the future,
I get corroboration
so I can evaluate what it is.
>>Curtis LeMay started
to open up and talk
about what he told me about
Roswell and the crash that
had occurred.
And he told me that he
was aware that it is good
that it wasn't ours.
It wasn't the military's,
the Air Force or the Army
or the Navy.
And it was highly strange, was
a highly strange vehicle that
crashed.
>>He said, I'm going
to tell you something.
He said, but if you
say that I told you,
I'll swear I never even
mentioned it to you.
And I said, no problem.
And he said to me, you know,
I'm a member of General Douglas
MacArthur's security guard.
He says, I'm on my way
to the States for TD1.
But I'm going to
tell you something.
General Douglas MacArthur
was very familiar
with the Roswell incident,
the crash material, and also
the bodies, because he
himself had seen him.
>>There I started getting
the Tosser reports.
I started getting other crash
reports, the artifacts I got.
And I did get one time
a report to the NSA
was getting signals from
space, which were not
just space noise or unscrambled
or something you couldn't read.
They were really very perfect
and looked like something
was guiding them.
There was a real message.
We were never able to decode it.
This was a very
coordinated message.
It wasn't space noise
or just noise coming.
It was a pattern.
>>The one person
I happened to meet
and took quite a shine to and
he to me was a Dr. Adolph Raum.
Just for a little
background on him,
he was from
Switzerland originally.
He was on their first
A-bomb test in the US.
He knew Dr. Oppenheimer
personally, and just
a fine, fine gentleman.
One night after supper
and after a few martinis,
I jokingly asked Adolph.
I said, what do you know
about the little gray men that
are supposedly on ice
here at Wright Patterson?
And I can distinctly recall
his face turning ashen white.
His voice got very stern.
And he said, Arnie,
he says, all I
can tell you is that they
were not weather balloons
and we will not
talk about it again.
You understand?
And there was no
uncertainty in my mind
that we wouldn't talk
about this further.
>>We can safely say that, yes,
there were some captured craft
in Roswell, New Mexico.
And yeah, they were real.
And yes, we really did get
some technology from them.
And yes we really
did put it to work.
>>How many bodies
have been recovered?
I don't know.
How many crashes have occurred
in which we only got debris
from because they came and
did their recovery before we
got there?
I don't know, but
it has happened.
It has happened.
When they have problems just
like we send out a distress
call, they send out
a distress call,
which is something a lot
of people don't allude to
or don't even-- it's the one
question that's never asked.
But here again, we think of
them as something intangible,
like that stuffed animal there.
But they're living, breathing
creatures, as mortal as you
and I. They think.
They have loves.
They have likes.
They have dislikes.
They have social culture.
This is so, so important to
try to make people understand
that that is the case.
>>There were more
crashes than Roswell.
What people don't understand
is that there was one in 1948
and there was
another one in 1949.
The radar testing in New Mexico
was the cause of a lot of them
that were crashing.
And high powered
transmitters, when
they would get too
close to transmitters,
it would interfere with
their guidance control
and they would just crash.
In other craft that crashed,
we had shot them down.
>>As an example of
some of our precision,
we have here a photo of
an object re-entering
the Earth's atmosphere.
Through our programs,
we were able to predict
the precise time that
this was going to happen
and notified a particular agency
who then went out with a camera
and was able to obtain
this photograph.
>>What altitude?
>>This is just entering
the Earth's atmosphere,
somewhere around 400,000 feet.
>>We've been successful.
We crashed in White
Sands, New Mexico.
We tracked it.
We were tracking it
at the time, and we
were successful in
[INAUDIBLE] where it crashed.
[CRASH]
>>I can verify, corroborated by
people that I have worked with
and do work with now.
>>He made a comment
that was really funny
at that particular point.
I didn't really connect it
with anything until later.
He says, you have no idea at
all what we're about, do you?
And I told him, no sir, I don't.
He says, well, someday,
that technology
will be out there that has
been totally back engineered.
Went right over my head
at that particular point.
>>When we gave
information out, we
gave it out and insisted
they take the patents.
But also, we put a little
bit of a requirement
on the requirement.
Feed it back to us for the
competitive edge of the Army.
Take the patents.
Make all the money you want, but
give it to the American people
and give it to the world.
The Japanese, they
interviewed me.
And I told them, when we put
the integrated circuit out,
we also gave it to you.
>>He also had fiber
optics laying there.
They didn't know what
these things were.
They figured they were
wires of some sort
but didn't know
how they operated.
The interesting
thing that shows you
that we have not achieved the
point of where these fiber
optics are is my dad would
also hold them in his hand
and when he closed
his hand around them,
the ends would be glowing.
So this means they
contained their own energy.
>>Well, why would you
need a fiberoptic system
in a spaceship?
Well, OK, if suddenly
everything in the vehicle
suddenly becomes mass canceled,
and even the electrons
become mass canceled,
it means that all
of the telemetry that's
going through your system
is going to go out of haywire.
It's going to be like suddenly
the system goes through a phase
change and everything's
superconducting.
Why use fiberoptics?
Because photons have
no mass, supposedly.
So they're unaffected.
So it means that any
information, any telemetry
that you send back and
forth to your computer.
Doesn't matter if the
computer functions
at the superconducting
level, because it just
makes it faster, more
efficient, smarter.
But you want to be able to
control the aircraft so it
doesn't crash.
What's the best way to do it?
With fiberoptics.
>>A second innovation
involves the delicate task
of monitoring composite surfaces
against pressure, stress,
strain, and chemical
decomposition.
This is often achieved
through a series
of vibrating sensors
located along lengths
of fiberoptics,
which are embedded
into composite materials.
However, NASA has increased the
sensing locations exponentially
from what is
currently available.
Applications for the macrofiber
composite are almost limitless.
>>They had a big black curtain
that divided the hangar
into two different areas.
And behind these curtains
was another big area.
And inside this area, they
had all the lights turned off.
And they go in,
they turn lights on.
Here are three flying
saucers floating off
the floor, no cable suspended
from the ceiling holding them
up, no landing gear
underneath, just floating,
hovering above the floor.
>>Deann Davis with United
Press International.
Could you please
address the vehicle
that there was a
drawing displayed of.
Why would this vehicle be
on display at an air show?
>>There was one facility
at Norton Air Force
Base that was close hold.
Not even the wing
commander there
could know what was going on.
>>He said there
were three vehicles.
The first one, the smallest one,
the one most partially taken
apart, the one that was
shown in the video that
was running in this hangar,
November 12th, 1988 at Norton
Air Force Base,
was about 24 feet
in diameter, its
widest part right
at the base of that flange.
>>And during that time
period throughout my career,
it was always
rumored by the pilots
that that was a
cover for in fact,
location of one UFO craft.
>>And they had little
exhibits and a TV,
a little videotape
running showing
the smallest of the three
vehicles sitting out
in the desert, presumably
over a dry lake bed
someplace like Area 51.
And it showed this
vehicle making
three little quick
hopping motions like that
and then accelerating
straight up and out of sight
until you couldn't
see it, completely
disappearing from view in
just a couple of seconds.
>>Yes, there were craft there.
I talked to others
that have worked on it.
There's different levels there.
>>And the reason
for that location
was folks that could
come out, land at Norton,
play golf, be part of a
golf tournament, so forth,
and during that process
could go by the facility
and actually see the UFO.
>>So obviously,
this is a vehicle
that not only is
capable of flying around
through the atmosphere,
but it's also
capable of going out to
space and collecting samples.
And it's using a type
of propulsion system
that doesn't make any noise.
As far as you can see,
it had no moving parts.
Didn't have any exhaust
gases or fuel to be expended.
It was just there, hovering.
>>In a few instances, I
can say there are clearly
overunity electromagnetic
devices, things
that produce more electrical
energy out than in.
>>This is an alien
reproduction vehicle.
And just to be clear,
this means that it
is based on advanced antigravity
and zero point energy
propulsion systems.
>>The next biggest one was 60
feet in diameter at the base.
>>There are corporations such
as SAIC, Lockheed Martin,
Northrop, and others that deal
specifically with this issue,
with advanced energy
and propulsion
systems connected to UFOs.
And I think that
what has happened,
from the best we can tell, from
insiders that have briefed me
for now about eight years,
is that we have lost control
of these projects from a
constitutional law perspective,
because the infrastructure
within military intelligence
and corporate channels
is so well-funded and so
complex and
labyrinthine that there
are compartments
within compartments
within compartments.
And people who are in the
Congress who make inquiries,
and in fact, President Clinton,
when he made inquiries,
were simply denied access,
as you heard earlier
that President Carter
was denied access.
>>Oh, by the way, the
largest of three vehicles
was about 120 to 130
feet in diameter.
That's massive when
you think about it.
It's just huge.
>>The reason it's called
alien reproduction vehicle
is that it's based on the study
of extraterrestrial vehicles,
but it is manufactured by
human military intelligence,
aerospace contracting
arrangements.
>>We are not in
Kansas any longer.
>>Brad said that in this
exhibit, at Norton Air Force,
a three star general said
that these vehicles were
capable of doing
light speed or better.
>>I think they made
a mistake at Roswell.
Rather than admitting
it, they covered it.
>>Gemini Seven, Houston,
how do you read?
>>Loud and clear,
Seven-- go ahead.
>>Get Bogey at 10:00 high.
>>This is Houston.
Say again, Seven?
>>I said we have a
bogey at 10:00 high.
>>Roger.
>>Gemini Control here again.
Got the reference in that
conversation was a bogey.
It was Borman who reported
sighting the Bogey.
This is Gemini Control
at Houston at four hours
24 minutes into the flight.
>>Our moon is an object that
exists in our immediate space.
For years, there have
been anomalies recorded
such as mysterious lights,
flashes, and objects
that have been seen by
astronomers here on Earth.
NASA released a compilation
of these recorded reports
prior to the first moon mission.
In 1962, Carl Sagan
spoke on the possibility
of discovering alien
artifacts on the moon,
stating that forthcoming
photographic reconnaissance
of the moon from space vehicles,
particularly the far side,
might bear these
possibilities in mind.
Rectangular patterns
on air space photos
are recognized as
signs of human culture
in the remote sensing of the
Earth and air archaeology.
It seems reasonable
then to search
for rectangular patterns
on the moon or on Mars.
>>I walked into the photo
lab in the restricted area,
and this was between missions.
One of the gentlemen I
had been friends with,
and I still talk
to occasionally,
he pointed to one
area of this mosaic.
It was one panel of a mosaic.
And I looked, and in
one of the photo panels,
I saw a round, white dot.
And at the time, it was very
crisp, very sharp lines on it.
And I said to him, what is that?
Is that a dot on the emulsion?
And then he's grinning, and
he says, dots on the emulsion
don't leave round
shadows on the ground.
And there was a round
shadow at the right angle,
at the correct angle, the
sun shining on the trees.
I saw pine trees.
I didn't see a coastline.
I don't know where this was.
And I said, is this a UFO?
And he's smiling at me and he
says, I can't tell you that.
I can't tell you that.
What I knew he meant was, it
was, but he couldn't tell me.
So I said, what are you going
to do with this information?
And he said, well, we always
have to airbrush them out
before we sell
them to the public.
>>In 1965, they had
problems with a piece
of electronic equipment that was
bottlenecking their production
of photographs.
I was taken into the laboratory
where the equipment was
malfunctioning.
An airman second class was
in the darkroom at that time.
About 30 minutes
into the process,
he said to me, in a very
distressed away, by the way,
we've discovered a base on
the back side of the room.
And then he proceeded
to put photographs down
in front of me.
And clearly in these
photographs were
structures, mushroom-shaped
buildings, spherical buildings,
and towers.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>In 1959, the US
Army completed a plan
for a manned military
outpost on the moon.
The Horizon Lunar
Outpost was said
to be necessary to
protect United States
interests on the moon,
to conduct moon base
surveillance of the
Earth and space,
to act as a
communications relay,
and to serve as a base for
exploration of the moon.
The permanent outpost
would cost $6 billion
and become operational in
December 1966 with 12 soldiers.
The base would be defended
against a Russian overland
attack by manned fired weapons.
The Apollo program
began only two years
after the Horizon Report.
But a moon base would not
have been established earlier
than the 1970s.
>>During the discussion of
UFOs, the question ultimately is
going to come up,
can any government
keep secrets, let alone
the US government?
And the answer to that
is unequivocally yes.
>>People in high
level government
have very, very little, if any
information, valid information,
about this.
Most have no more knowledge
than the man in the street.
>>There's always been what
they call the need to know.
>>They keep pretty much each
organization an island unto
itself.
>>I looked at him, and
I was pretty startled
because I'd worked out
there several years
and never seen anything
like this, never heard
of anything like this.
>>I had a top secret
crypto clearance.
And I could go into areas where
my commanders, some commanders
could not even get in.
>>He was a civilian, but
had done a lot of work
with NASA, on a lot of
committees and what have you.
And I think his problem
was the fact that he
hadn't heard about this.
>>They can't get in
there because they
don't have the need to
know, even though they
had the same clearance as the
guy that gets to go in there.
>>He knew that he was very
important because he was
in a lot of committees in NASA.
And since he was very
important, but hadn't
heard about this thing,
this couldn't be true.
>>The UFO secrets
can be kept secret
from other people who have
the same security clearance.
>>And then he said a
very curious thing.
"I wouldn't believe it
even if it was real."
This is a direct quote
from his email to me.
"I would not believe this
even if it was real."
>>And the truth is,
they have hidden
things like UFO and
extraterrestrial information
from us for years, not
just the current era,
but back before the 1900s.
>>There's about 38
levels above top secret.
The highest is cosmic.
That's OK.
I'll tell you right now,
that's UFOs, aliens,
and particalization.
Now, like you heard
a while ago, there's
only probably about 25 people
in the world that know things
that are known at that level.
No president has had
that level, has ever
been cleared for that level.
Eisenhower was the closest.
Eisenhower wanted
somebody to be in charge.
He tried the CIA director
and it didn't work.
The CIA was working
primarily for itself.
Most of the intelligence
director of the service
is working for themselves.
>>What happened was
Eisenhower got sold out.
I think that he realized that
all of a sudden, this matter
is going into the
control of corporations.
He realized that he
was losing control.
He realized that this
phenomenon of whatever it
was that we were
faced with was not
going to be in the best hands.
As far as I can remember,
that was the expression
that was used.
It's not going to be
in the best hands.
>>He had our best
interests in mind,
and was a very loving person.
And what I love about
this family too,
is we're very humble.
He grew up on a farm,
felt this calling.
His family didn't
necessarily agree with him,
and just rose into the
position he was in,
became a five star general.
And it wasn't really a part of
the fabric of the global elite.
He was fighting against
that false power structure.
>>In the councils
of government, we
must guard against
the acquisition
of unwarranted influence,
whether sought or unsought,
by the military
industrial complex.
The potential for the disastrous
rise of misplaced power
exists and will persist.
We must never let the
weight of this combination
this endanger our liberties
our democratic processes.
We should take
nothing for granted.
Only an alert and
knowledgeable citizenry
can compel the proper meshing
of the huge industrial and
military machinery of defense
with our peaceful methods
and goals.
>>And so it was organized
under the name the NRO.
You couldn't mention NRO.
>>NRO, National
Reconnaissance Office,
basically run by the Air Force.
The Reconnaissance Office,
from my understanding
of people that have had
contacts with since I retired,
has taken on a lot more
responsibility, particularly
towards UFO and
extraterrestrial activities.
You could say that they picked
up where Blue Book dropped off.
>>If you're on
that level, there's
an organization
worldwide called ACIO.
That's Alien Contact
Intelligence Organization.
If you pay your dues and
you follow the rules,
you can benefit.
Your government is
allowed to benefit
from that organization's
information.
>>Henry Kissinger headed
some sort of a study group
back in the '50s to
study the ramifications
of this information
if it had leaked
through a credible source.
In fact, Jimmy Carter was
not brought into the loop.
For some reason, the
group, the control group,
they don't trust the
guy for some reason.
They don't trust Jimmy Carter.
They were afraid that he would
come out and make statements,
blanketed statements
to the news media.
>>I was contacted by
Miss Marcia Smith,
who was the director of the
Science and Technology Division
of the Congressional
Research Service.
She asked to meet with me.
And I met with her,
and she informed me
that President Carter,
upon taking office
in January of 1977, held a
meeting with then the director
of Central Intelligence,
who was George Bush Sr.
and demanded that the director
of Central Intelligence
turn over to the president
the classified information
about unidentified flying
objects and the information
that was in the possession of
the United States intelligence
community concerning
the existence
of extraterrestrial
intelligence.
This information was refused
to the President of the United
States by the director of
Central Intelligence, George
Bush, Sr.
>>He told us we could not talk
about this to anyone, including
any of the other crews or
our spouses, our family, even
amongst each other.
So we could not
discuss this at all.
>>In the military,
they do ridicule you,
because I was
ridiculed a few times.
I was told I would never
make master sergeant.
I was on orders
for tech, but I was
told I would never make
master sergeant if I
brought this trap up again.
>>The pilots that had seen
things had talked about it.
Some of them were let go.
Some of them were
released from their flying
and treated as nut cases
and things like that.
>>At times I used to
carry nuclear weapons.
In other words, I was mentally
fit to carry nuclear weapons,
and I'm not mentally
fit if I see a UFO.
Well, this criticism and
this ridicule has, I think,
done more to keep
the story coming out
than almost anything else.
>>It had been discussed with me
on numerous occasions, talked
about what could
happen to me militarily
and what could happen to
me even if I discussed this
as a civilian.
>>That subject just was dropped.
It just wasn't discussed.
>>Anything to discredit you,
and you'd never get a promotion.
And I'd would spend the
next three and 1/2 years up
to the North Pole, flipping in a
tent checking weather balloons.
>>I've made no money from this.
I've got nothing but
pain and suffering
out it, out of talking about it.
I've been harassed at my home.
This was used against me
partially in losing a job once,
in teaching.
I've had a hell of a time
after I've told this story.
But I continue to
tell this story
because I think it's
important for people
to understand that this sort of
shit goes on in the government.
>>He was sorry he
wrote the book.
He was sorry he exposed
the family to the ridicule,
to the lawsuits.
It's been very tough
on our entire family.
He did not want to die leaving
us with these problems.
Just hope that the future
people such as yourself and me
will know what to do with
this type of knowledge
that this man brought forward.
I do say that he is the
first man to come forward
in a high capacity.
>>Measures have been
taken by agencies
to terminate people
who appear to be
inconvenient or troublesome
through knowing too much.
>>I would go
interview people that
claimed they had seen something
and try to convince them
that they hadn't seen
something or they were
hallucinating or something.
Well, if that didn't
work, another team
would come in, give
all the threats,
and threaten them, their
family, so on and so forth.
And they would be in
charge of discrediting
them, making them look
foolish or so on and so forth.
Now, if that didn't
work, then there
was another team that put
an end to that problem one
way or the other.
>>Secretary of
Defense Forrestal was
the first real,
powerful, known person
that was eliminated
because he was going
to release the information.
And nobody has ever
paid for that crime.
A crime had never been really
thoroughly investigated
by forces to see
what happened to him.
But most people know
that he was thrown
out the window of the hospital.
And he wasn't killed by
being thrown out the window,
but he never got up alive.
>>He was talking
about being erased.
And I said, man, I said,
what do you mean, erased?
He said, yes.
He said, you will be erased.
I said, how do
you know all this,
or something to that effect.
And he said, I know.
He said, they'll go after
not only you, he said,
they'll go after your family.
Those were his words.
>>And they're yelling at me and
they're hollering and cursing,
and you didn't see
anything, and we'll
do you and your
whole goddamn family.
And it was basically that for
about eight or nine hours.
These guys, they're
just off on their own.
There's no oversight,
no control.
They just do whatever they want.
And they're evil.
These people are evil.
>>Basically it's
an oversight group
intermingled with
the National Security
Council and the National
Security Planning Group.
They have full control.
They have no congressional
oversight whatsoever.
They answer to nobody,
except for the President
of the United States.
But they're trying to push it
aside away from the president.
>>When I was a corporate manager
of Fairchild Industries in 1974
through '77, I met the late Dr.
Wernher Von Braun in early '74.
At that time, Von Braun
was dying of cancer.
But he assured me that he would
live a few more years in order
to tell me about the game
that was being played,
that game being the
effort to weaponize space.
>>Weapons in space is
still a big enigma,
black covert operations.
>>Von Braun's purpose in
life during the last years
of his life, his
dying years, was
to educate the
public and decision
makers about why
space-based weapons are
dumb, dangerous,
destabilizing, too costly,
unnecessary,
unworkable, undesirable.
The strategy that Wernher
Von Braun taught me was that,
first, the Russians are going to
be considered to be the enemy.
In fact, when I met
him in '74, they
were the enemy, the
identified enemy.
We were told that they
had killer satellites.
We were told that
they were coming
to get us and control
us, the dirty commies,
that whole story.
First, the Russians
were the enemy
against whom we were going
to build space-based weapons.
>>The ballistic
missile defense system
is probably a pipe
dream in the sense
that if what it's
designed for is that you
know where it's coming from.
And when we had Russia,
there was a 50/50 chance
that you knew about where
it would be coming from.
>>In 1977, I was at a meeting
in Fairchild Industries
in a conference room
called the war room.
And in that room were a
lot of charts on the wall,
with enemies,
identified enemies,
names that people
had never heard of,
names like Saddam
Hussein and Gaddafi.
But we were talking
then about terrorists,
the potential terrorists.
No one had ever talked
about this before,
but this was the next
stage after the Russians,
against whom we were going
to build space-based weapons,
these terrorists.
>>They wanted a
weapons system they
could put in space that would
stop a ballistic missile.
That was the concept.
>>This was 1977, and
they were talking
about creating a war in
the Gulf region, when there
was $25 billion in the
space-based weapons
program that yet had
not been identified.
It wasn't called the Strategic
Defense Initiative at least
until 1983.
This weapons system
then had obviously
been going on for
some time, that I
didn't know anything about.
>>When Star Wars was brought
out as an idea, which
was before Reagan
actually, and incorporated
into his administration, it
became pretty much window
dressing, people would call it.
But there was a lot
of truth behind what
they were trying to do.
They knew the basic principle
of what they wanted to do.
>>So I stood up in this
meeting in 1977 and said,
I'd like to know
why we're talking
about space-based weapons
against these enemies.
I'd like to know
more about this.
Would somebody tell
me what this is about?
Nobody answered.
They went on with
this meeting as
though I hadn't said anything.
We heard a lot about terrorism.
Then we were going to identify
third world country crazies.
We now call them
nations of concern.
>>With the rogue
nations we have today,
it's absolutely ludicrous.
>>But he said that would be
the third enemy against whom
we would be needing to
build space-based weapons.
And the next enemy
was asteroids.
Now, at this point,
he kind of chuckled
the first time he said it.
Asteroids-- against
asteroids we're
going to build
space-based weapons.
So it was funny then.
And the funniest one of all
was against what he called
aliens, extraterrestrials.
That would be the final card.
And over and over and
over during the four years
that I knew him and was
giving his speeches for him,
he would bring up
that last card.
And remember, Carol, the
last card is the alien card.
We're going to have to
build space-based weapons
against aliens.
And all of it, he
said, is a lie.
>>Well, if they were
hostile, my own knowledge is
and feeling-- I don't
know about all of them--
is that we could have
been with their weaponry
as it might be used, it could
have destroyed us a long time
ago.
>>If beings can
travel in time space,
then anything we
would put in orbit
as a weapon would be like
going against Genghis
Khan with a firecracker.
>>Now, some would like
for us to believe and like
to develop the idea that
the aliens and people are
our enemy now.
But that's not true.
>>I noticed the
satellite's positionings.
I said, this is supposed to
be a system that tracks radar
anomalies on Earth, right?
The whole thing, the movement.
Yep, that's what it does.
And I said, then
why are half of them
pointed towards the outer
space, towards the moon,
towards areas that
are just blank space?
>>I have concluded that I'm
fighting against the clock,
that I have but a short time
to try to convince people
that we are moving
in an avenue where we
are going to militarize space.
As a result of
militarizing space,
we are going to
acquire new technology.
We're going to evolve
new technology.
>>Well, at least half of
those satellites you got up
there aren't looking at Earth.
>>He had received several
transmissions from the Pentagon
and from other satellite
monitoring stations of the NSA
that they were tracking ETVs.
It stands for
Extraterrestrial Vehicles.
>>I said, what are
they looking for?
He says, well,
you've got to have
to need to know about that.
>>We put nuclear weapons out
in space as a line of defense.
And we were to ready to blow
them up if they started in.
>>He didn't mention a timeline.
But he said that
it was going to be
speeding up faster than
anybody could possibly imagine.
>>We just heard that in
the process of poring
over that heat shield,
they found three more
objects floating in close
proximity to the space
shuttle Atlantis, There
you go, one two and three.
Unclear what those are,
maybe a fourth there.
Unclear what those are.
Could be ice.
Could be little pieces
of harmless debris.
Worst case scenario, could
be parts of the heat shield,
and that is why
NASA is concerned.
>>So it's very hard
to identify what
those little things might be.
>>We are going to
acquire new technology.
We're going to evolve
new technology that's
going to lead us into
interstellar travel.
As a direct result, we will
become a threat to them
unless we spiritually grow also.
>>And in a memo that I
wrote to President Bush,
I stated that this
campaign will persist
until our goals are met.
And they are as follows-- that
we have open, honest hearings
on the subject in
the US Congress,
that there be a permanent ban
on the weaponization of space
or the targeting of any objects
of extraterrestrial origin,
that there be a full
and complete study
of classified
technologies connected
to this subject, specifically
technologies connected to UFO
and extraterrestrial vehicles.
If declassified, and used for
peaceful energy generation
and propulsion would solve
the looming energy crisis
definitively.
>>You don't need cars
unless you've got
an internal combustion engine.
Well, if you have one
of these units, that's
about 16 inches long and about
eight inches high and about
10 inches wide,
then you don't need
to plug in to Kit Carson,
the local electric company.
It burns nothing-- no pollution.
It never wears out because
there's no moving parts.
>>At the top, our news
here at 6 o'clock,
an age-old dream
becoming a reality.
A local inventor has
discovered a way-- hear this--
to use water to run your car.
>>It's a major
breakthrough that will
no doubt make motorists happy.
And as Ralph Robinson
explains, the Pentagon
is also showing lots of
interest in this project.
>>Water has always
been considered
a precious commodity, but
Stan Meyer's invention
may make it even more valuable.
He has developed what's
called a water fuel cell.
It has taken the place
of his old gas tank.
The water fuel cell breaks
down water molecules
into oxygen and
hydrogen. The hydrogen
is used to run his dune buggy.
>>I don't care if you
use rainwater, wellwater,
city water, or ocean water.
If you don't have any fresh
water, go ahead and use snow.
If you don't have any
snow available to you,
use salt water, because there's
no adverse effect to the fuel
cell.
>>Meyer started working on
this project four years ago.
He's not a scientist.
He isn't even a chemist.
In fact, he never
graduated from college.
Meyer was determined, he
says, to design something
to protect this country
from oil embargoes.
>>And we have calculated
that if we take the dune
buggy from Los
Angeles to New York,
we would roughly use
22 gallons of water.
>>The Pentagon flew a
lieutenant colonel in last week
to look at Meyer's invention.
There is talk of possibly using
it in the Star Wars defense
program and to run Army tanks.
Meyer is currently providing
a water fuel cell for cars.
It will cost about $1,500.
He says it won't
need any maintenance
and you won't have
to replace it.
>>It will to be at least two
years before the fuel system
goes into mass production.
The day it happens will be
one the fuel industry hates.
But it will put a
smile in the face
of those who have had to
say at one time or another,
fill 'er up.
>>There is an enormous, an
enormous range of new things
that have been worked up to a
remarkable level in the past
and then suppressed by
the existing order for one
reason or another.
Either they're incompatible
with classical ideas
or they upset strong financial
interests or whatever
it may be in the past.
Great things have been
done by gifted humans.
They are, in a sense, the
vehicles of God Almighty
in bringing the
stuff into the world.
And none of it has ever reached
public use and public currency
because of this dictatorship
of the knowledge
systems of the world.
Video, and in particular
projects like this one
we're on now, they
reveal that you
can do to these ancient,
seemingly ancient discoveries
what was not possible or
feasible 50 years ago.
It was simply beyond
technical capabilities.
And the means of distributing
what you discovered
were all in the wrong hands.
Nowadays, the internet
has put all that to bed.
You can't do that anymore.
Humanity is going to have
information no matter what.
So I see, in the things
that I know about and have
been personally involved with,
a great horizon for producing
an endless series of productions
like this that will bring
this stuff out of the limbo
where they've been shoved
and into the full
light of day who
are some of the bright young
people who are now on the earth
can make them into
blessings for mankind.
>>I have concluded that
it's based on a few people
making a lot of money
and gaining power.
>>We have cartels.
We have a whole set
of cartels in an area,
interlocking corporations.
And behind this, we have a few
people who are quite wealthy
and who own most things.
>>It's about ego.
>>Everybody's trying
to be the big monkey.
It's really as simple as that.
>>Who's control of
petroleum of the world?
A lot of people think that
Iraq, Iran, and so and so.
We control it, the us
and the British interest
and the other world interest.
Well, some people refer to
this, the secret government.
>>But I would say that
in terms of profiting
from the status quo, big oil.
There are certain geopolitical
and financial infrastructures
that would does not welcome
a definitive replacement
to the fossil fuels.
>>So what we get is the
great Armageddon everybody's
been dreading.
>>It's about a few
people who really
are playing an old,
dangerous, costly game
for their own pocketbooks
and power struggle.
>>People in power
right now don't
want us to know is that
this free energy is
available to everybody.
>>I will tell you,
and we can prove this
with other scientists who
are ready to come forward,
that we already have
a complete replacement
for any fossil fuels or
ionizing nuclear power plants.
We don't need them.
We haven't needed them.
Probably have not needed them
since the time I was born.
>>The, quote,
"coverup" of this issue
that has been going on
for the last 50 years
is probably the
biggest single threat
to our democratic society.
>>This is the greatest
strategic threat
to the survival of
the United States
and in fact of
civilization itself.
>>It still bothers me
that I've seen all this.
I know all this.
And I'm walking around like
with the answer and nobody
wants to ask the question.
>>I think it's time for us
to act to end this charade.
>>It's definitely time to
make a disclosure on this.
It's been kept secret too long.
>>One of the things
that I'm upset about
is that good people are
forced to do illegal things.
And I believe that this
information should be
given to the American public.
>>If the discovery of the
lifetime of humankind,
isn't it, defined that
we're not here alone.
>>People are walking
around in a daze.
They have no idea, no
idea, what is going on.
>>The fools may blow the
world from other causes.
Don't misunderstand me.
But they're going to
blow it from this cause.
>>A shadowy government with its
own Air Force, its own navy,
is own fundraising
mechanism, and their ability
to pursue its own ideas
of the national interest
free from all checks and
balances and free from the law
itself.
>>Whatever activity is going
on, to the extent that it
is a clandestine group,
a quasi government
group, a quasi private group,
it is without any type,
as far as I can tell, of high
level government oversight.
And that is a great concern.
>>We have contact with
aliens not originating
from some foreign country, but
from some other solar system.
And I have been a party to that.
>>I'm at seven days 13
hours and 17 minutes.
This is mission
control in Houston.
>>The Mir space station is now
visible on the far left hand
side of the screen, about
an inch from the bottom
of this particular picture.
And there were also a number
of shooting stars in that view.
The camera has now
moved to a point.
OK, the Mir space station
is the small, flashing light
in the center, about an
inch from the left hand
side of the screen.
It's slowly--
>>[INAUDIBLE] on the camera.
It is slowly moving closer
to the left hand side
and has a very light
flashing to it.
>>We think in the
middle of the screen,
way to the left hand side--
we've seen a lot of meteors.
>>The streaks that are
shooting across the screen
are meteorites, in other
words, shooting stars.
>>We think you can see
a flashing light just
a little bit to the left of
the center of the screen,
very faint.
[MUSIC PLAYING]